README.md, before:

# UE5LightTheme
 An attempt at making a light theme for UE5, mainly so my eyes don't need to strain and have migraines due to Dark Theme. **This theme is not fully finished and will be changed around during UE5's development.**

# Prerequisites
Just make sure your UE5 is completely closed while doing this, otherwise the theme will not show up in the Engine until restarted.

# How to install
Click on the green "Code" and then Download ZIP. After it's downloaded it, extract the ZIP anywhere. Go to where your UE5 is located, typically that's in `C:\Program Files\Epic Games`. Now go to `UE_5.0EA\Engine\Content\Slate\Themes`, and drop the Attempted Light Theme JSON into there, should look like this

![Location](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/670086223322284049/869915715698823178/unknown.png)

After that, you launch Unreal Engine 5, and load up any project, and then click on Edit on the top bar, Editor Preferences, go to General - Appearance, and for Active Theme, set from "Dark" to "Attempted Light Theme"

![Dark](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/670086223322284049/869916934647480361/unknown.png)
![Light](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/670086223322284049/869916784621387806/unknown.png)

Feel free to edit the theme to your liking.

Commit message:

Added note for Release UE5

README.md, after:

# UE5LightTheme
 An attempt at making a light theme for UE5, mainly so my eyes don't need to strain and have migraines due to Dark Theme. **This theme is not fully finished and will be changed around during UE5's development.**

# Prerequisites
Just make sure your UE5 is completely closed while doing this, otherwise the theme will not show up in the Engine until restarted.

# How to install
Click on the green "Code" and then Download ZIP. After it's downloaded it, extract the ZIP anywhere. Go to where your UE5 is located, typically that's in `C:\Program Files\Epic Games`. Now go to `UE_5.0EA\Engine\Content\Slate\Themes`, and drop the Attempted Light Theme JSON into there, should look like this

> Note: As of Release version of Unreal Engine 5, the `Themes` folder doesn't exist by default. You can still create a `Themes` folder and it will still work!

![Location](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/670086223322284049/869915715698823178/unknown.png)

After that, you launch Unreal Engine 5, and load up any project, and then click on Edit on the top bar, Editor Preferences, go to General - Appearance, and for Active Theme, set from "Dark" to "Attempted Light Theme"

![Dark](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/670086223322284049/869916934647480361/unknown.png)
![Light](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/670086223322284049/869916784621387806/unknown.png)

Feel free to edit the theme to your liking.
